how many times have you been bitten by
venomous snakes well I always say you
know 13 oh I said 12 13 after this last
one I had to add that one one but I
would say 13 that were you know of
significant you know not just a little
scratch or something that or bad that's
that's going back to you know my teenage
years starting with the little pygmy
rattlesnake bite that I had when I was
in high school how many snakes are you
handling heavy right now we're probably
at you know it averages 40 50 but
sometimes if we're behind Mondays of the
day we're closed that's our sort of our
catch-up day you know so but we have
right now somewhere probably right
around 500 snakes that we cycle through
and we try to get through the group
about every 20 days
are you allergic to awesome I don't know
I've never had a problem with any
anti-venom but I'm allergic to just
about every venom out there every time I
get even just a nick now if I get just a
you know a little couple drops of venom
I got a shoot you know I keep a syringe
ready to just to shoot that epinephrine
actually one of the worst cobra bites I
had was just about eight months ago one
of these young Monica cobras got hold of
my finger and a feeding response bite it
was a bad move I made but he got me good
and he really loaded me up and I by the
time I shot up a nephron immediately
within less than a minute after the bite
because I knew it was coming and when I
got to the hospital I they couldn't get
a pulse a you know I was completely I
was conscious but I couldn't move and I
they couldn't get a pulse in but I had a
very good dr. Carson was in the
emergency room and he gave me eight
piles of specific amount of Monica Cobra
anti-venom very quickly
one thing I've learned about anaphylaxis
and snakebite if you're allergic to the
venom and you're going into anaphylaxis
or you're having an allergic reaction as
soon as they start giving you the
anti-venom and those toxins become
neutralized that that anaphylaxis
dissipates very quickly so by forming
that complex bond between the antibody
and the toxin it changes the whole
chemistry of that histamine thing
whatever's going on there in your immune
system that causes that that reaction
I've had that happen in the past I had a
monocle cobra bite not as severe as I
want that one but it was some time ago
and I was right on the edge of that
anaphylaxis it was in as soon as I told
dr. Macmillan to open the IV and I could
feel in fact I could taste the try
across all the the preservative that
they put in that anti-venom and as soon
as I felt that that feeling that
anaphylaxis just dissipated him almost
immediately it was just you know quick
you